Rename Parathreads -> On-demand Parachains (#5858)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/general/glossary.md

## Auction (Parachain)

Parachain auctions are how non-system parachains can access

> {{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }}.

Reviewer: Right now, cannot do auctions on Kusama, just coretime

Author: corrected

## ParaID

A unique numeric (non-negative integer) identifier for a parachain.

## Parathread

> A parathread can have two meanings: a substrate-based chain not yet parachain (i.e. not connected to

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Historically, the term "parathread" has been used in two contexts: a substrate-based chain not yet parachain (i.e. not connected to
```

> a {{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }} core), or a on-demand parachain
> (i.e. a parachain using instantaneous coretime).

Reviewer 2: https://wiki.polkadot.network/docs/learn-agile-coretime#is-it-on-demand-coretime-or-instantaneous-coretime 
Avoid referring to "instantaneous coretime"

```suggestion
a {{ polkadot: Polkadot :polkadot }}{{ kusama: Kusama :kusama }} core), or as an on-demand parachain
(i.e. a parachain using on-demand coretime).
```
